Verified services / docs (#83)
VivumLab/VivumLab: docs/software/airsonic.md

![tested](https://img.shields.io/badge/{{ if airsonic.tested }}not_tested{{ else }}{{ airsonic.tested }}{{ endif }}-None_Arm-{{ if airsonic.tested }}red{{ else }}informational{{ endif }}?style=flat)
![arm_tested](https://img.shields.io/badge/{{ if airsonic.tested_arm }}not_tested{{ else }}{{ airsonic.tested_arm }}{{ endif }}-Arm-{{ if airsonic.tested_arm }}red{{ else }}informational{{ endif }}?style=flat)

{% if tested %}

> **Docker Image:** https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/airsonic

Reviewer: This is a good idea.

However, not all images are hosted on hub.docker, some are hosted on quay.io.
So we may still need to refer to the docker-compose file

> **Docker Image:** https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/airsonic

Reviewer: There is jfrog too.

Not that I've seen too many on jfrog, but it is another docker image repo

> **Docker Image:** https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/airsonic

Author: Okay, we won't do it for now then.
Maybe we get to it some other time.

### DOMAIN
*Default: {{domain}}*
*NOTE: include the sitename and top level domain suffix. eg. name.com, site.net*

#### Command:

**`vlab set airsonic.domain airsonic.com`**

#### File alteration:

set the appropriate service settings in `settings/config.yml` to true

eg.
>airsonic
  domain: airsonic.com 

##### Finalising changes:

run: **`vlab update_one service=airsonic`**

### SUBDOMAIN
*Default: airsonic*
*NOTE: Periods/ delimiters are not required. eg. 'media' will set the full URL as 'media.{{domain}}'*

#### Command:

**`vlab set airsonic.subdomain media`**

#### File alteration:

set the appropriate service settings in `settings/config.yml` to true

eg.
>airsonic
  subdomain: media

##### Finalising changes:

run: **`vlab update_one service=airsonic`**

### VERSION
*Default: {{airsonic.version}}*
*NOTE: Ensure that the version exists*

#### Command:

**`vlab set airsonic.version 2.7`**

#### File alteration:

set the appropriate service settings in `settings/config.yml` to true

eg.
>airsonic
  version: 2.7

##### Finalising changes:

run: **`vlab update_one service=airsonic`**

## Need more help?
Further information regarding services can be found.

> General Information can be found in the [documentation](https://docs.vivumlab.com).
> Additional assistance can be found on our [Contact Us](https://docs.vivumlab.com/Contact-us) page.

Author: We should not use direct links, because this is in the docs and we can just forward them to the site directly.
```suggestion
General Information can be found in the [documentation](../index.md).
Additional assistance can be found on our [Contact Us](../Contact-us.md) page.
```

Reviewer: The issue I have here, is when the internal structure changes, it breaks everything.

Reviewer: Is there a benefit to forwarding, instead of direct link?
